Now, as you know, S-3 is an object based storage system.
Now, sometimes it might be really advantageous to use SQL, the structured query language to query
data and actually find something and retrieve a single object from, for example, a zip file.
So for that, we can use either Free Select or Glacier Select, depending on where objects are actually
located.
So let's have a look at a couple of examples.
Let's say we have an S3 bucket and we have a zip file in it.
Maybe it's a very large zip file and we don't want to retrieve all of the contents.
But we have a lambda function, and that lambda function needs to look for a specific file within the
zip file.
So what we can do is issue an expression which is an equal expression to try and retrieve an individual
file out of the zip archive and the file gets retrieved.
So it's a simple way of using eskdale expressions to access falls within an actual zip archive in this
case and retrieving that individual objects rather than the entire zip file.
So that's S3 select.
Now we can do the same with a glacier archive.
So again, we might have a zip file, a lambda function, and we have a similar Esquibel expression
and we get to retrieve a single file.
So the key is to remember that S3 selects and glacier selects are two methods of using SQL expressions
to access objects and objects within objects like a zip file on S3.